hey guys many of you have been asking me
for more vegetarian recipes so I thought
I would share with you one of my
favorite appetizer ideas homemade hummus
hummus is one of those things that is
always going to taste better homemade
and when you see how quick and easy it
comes together you're gonna be making it
all design let me show you how to make
so the first thing we're gonna do is
rinse our chickpeas now you may also
know these as garbanzo beans it's the
same thing so go ahead and drain them
into a strainer give them a rinse and
just rinse them off now for our garnish
we're gonna want to make sure that we
take at least mm about a tablespoon of
chickpeas and put them on the side we're
gonna top our hummus with them after
they're done so you want to make sure
you set those aside then we're gonna
take our chickpeas and put them in a
food processor so for me the mark of a
great tasting hummus is a smooth and
creamy hummus and a food processor is
really gonna help with that so go ahead
and give them a whirl you just want to
make sure that they're nice and sort of
cut up they don't need to be completely
pureed at this stage we just want to
give them a head start then we're gonna
add 1/2 a cup of water puree that again
we're just trying to get those chickpeas
nice and smooth next we're gonna add
some tahini about two-thirds cup now if
you're not familiar with tahini it is a
delicious 12 in each case you find it in
the aisle next to the peanut butter now
if you've never worked with it before
and you open your jar don't be startled
if you see a bunch of oil on top that's
actually what happens to tahini when
it's it's firm you could just go in with
your knife and give it a stir and you
will reincorporate all of that oil back
into the sesame paste and then we're
also going to add half a cup of lemon
juice then you're going to add two
garlic cloves one and a half teaspoons
of salt and two teaspoons of cumin
I love the cumin because it adds a
really wonderful sort of exotic taste to
the hummus
pop the top on our food processor and
give it a whirl for at least two to
three minutes
you cannot process it too long we're
really looking for a smooth and creamy
goodness and that just takes some time
on the food processor so not to worry
just sit back and let it work then at
this point we are going to slowly add
1/2 a cup of olive oil you could do this
with the machine running and just pour
it into the shoe and you'll see that
that hummus will become creamier and
smoother as you add the oil now at this
stage you want to check your hosts now
depending on how you like it it's really
personal preference if you like a
weightier hummers your hummus could be
done if you like one that's more
spreadable you probably want to add
about two tablespoons more of liquid and
at this point the choice is yours you
like really tangy hummus with a lot of
lemon juice
you could add two tablespoons of lemon
juice but really what I do because I do
like the lemon juice or you could add
two tablespoons of water or two
tablespoons more of all choice is yours
so at this point you want to transfer
your hummus to a bowl I have to spread
it with a spatula because then you'll
get some nice texture in your hummus
you're gonna drizzle with a little bit
more olive oil on top sprinkle with some
cumin top with some chopped flat-leaf
parsley and then we're gonna add our
remaining chickpeas on top and you see
you'll have a beautiful looking sentence
now at this point you could serve your
hummus with some pita chips a bagel tips
and I really like to serve it with some
grilled pita bread now you could just
heat it up in the microwave or the oven
but I do think grilling it really kicks
it up a notch so you're gonna just brush
it with a little olive oil on both sides
you can even Susan with a little bit of
salt then you're going to grill it
either a barbecue or an indoor grill on
both sides and then you can cut it into
tracks then to serve I really live to
serve hummus like this in the summertime
and a big cutting board and I am a big
fan of raghu's cutting boards I recently
saw that they had this roll nut style
and I just loved it and it makes for a
great chopping block but it also makes
for a great serving piece if you want to
serve an appetizer enlist the help if
you want to know where to get one the
link is in the description I love this
recipe because even though it's
vegetarian everybody loves a great
homemade hooks and remember for the full
printed recipe you can head over to
entertaining with Beth calm or you can
also find it here in the video
description below I'll see you guys back
here next week for another delicious
recipe
until then
[Music]